yeah
oh my god well that's the
grossest thing I've ever seen in
my life
let's cover that thing like for
real there's a cow's head that
is decomposing about six or so
weeks ago
a neighbor of ours had a cow
suffocate you got so cold out
that it snows
pro-shot and cows can't breathe
through their mouths and the
neighbor
David to us because it was dead
and it stinks
so we're covering it with strong
throughout the smell that much
Wow well one day this will be a
very fertile spot
all right no more smell
so what do you say we build this
little freak continue our
outdoor kitchen and let's do it
here I got you this don't know
what it is but I thought you
might want it
I think these are the kinds of
gifts they get from my husband
no you get other things
sometimes things that I can't
use you get my companionship
homesteaders Tony and Amelia
live off the land in a 400
square foot house in the hills
of North Carolina
I just want my kitchen it's hard
to be patient
tony has been talking about
maybe building out our kitchen
with me for a few years now and
we're finally doing it it
sugaring season
the time is right for Tony and
Amelia to make Sycamore syrup
for bartering a task they've
never done before we have to
boil the SAP down outside which
means we have to finish our
outdoor kitchen
it takes a while to build
anything right
right now I'm just writing up
all die
thanks for building this
sweetheart I'm being our kitchen
far you were a bear
making do with what's on hand is
a big part of Tony and Amelia's
lifestyle here we are
Sycamore syrup that's been
cooked down by hand is going to
be twenty dollars pint and the
money that we make are going to
use to purchase more livestock
first step is for us to make
some taps out of river cane
this is free and it's green
literally and with any luck some
Sycamore juice should come out
of these taps and we're going to
slide these jugs over the taps
and once we have enough
Sycamore juice we will boil it
down and make Sycamore syrup
want to make sure it's really
around this is not the roundest
piece
we got plenty to pick from I got
to cut some holes in these these
nodes are like thicker than
bamboo section that is pretty
hard to push through yeah maybe
you can drill
if you want to drill through ok
let's do that that totally works
this is new to a million I we're
by no means professional sugar
we might f it up and I'm willing
to but we might also get it
right the first time
which I'm hoping to almost thing
there we go it's perfect
forget about making the tap so
let's make flutes
no more floating today are you